## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-pGqTJHE/m20W4oDrfxTVzOutpMhjK3uP/0lReY0Jq/KInpuJSXUnk4WAYbciCLqT"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-no5/zgQGupzPFGWV8VpJzfQau5/GI2v5b7I45l6nKc8gMOxzBHfgyxNdjQEnmW94 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-u2nRnIxVxHkjnpxFScw/XgxNVuLz4dXXiT56xbp+Kk2b8AuStNgggHNpM9HO569A /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-qimhSkVWof5rfaFajQk8KAtzSRYyIArcJCMKWdDcNq34F4uplk08wmEyUiYLmO+3 /es/languages/c.js
sha384-5fESKgrRcGs7I/89bn7NKFcHyvIVcmQIG4JfCEAV5Rg5VVtskrmGkHVOIsD1642v /es/languages/c.min.js
sha384-eM9Op3b0ilZ/iW7jeVAMo//MKcEXHCbg1Vf8SMrqds5LIOeF9+3qaX//TsnbItae /es/languages/cpp.js
sha384-+tDHTmLKfBxXgVksRhLEJM4z9PfcGQ2XsrZMDcdJ1SIlPZrtAR4+m4XUX+zJf5nf /es/languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-+9dzNYaLHp3OPspFCOJGrEwfiOV3yqeD/atUDYVt9zKUJ8IW2QxffCT2LfmGfwfW /es/languages/css.js
sha384-G44u1/pUATC8754FIKYqkCxCl9AQYnspnFxzuR3RB1YVnTvqOEofqvZNQMUWcY/1 /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-e+d8RFZbtc5Pmt3xfX9uuElm63v5qOj7T5hAkkFbnYc1wEk7wCLlzOsm66MCf5Uk /es/languages/python.js
sha384-CPHh+9FxkWF3OtMZdTj5oQN1Qti0p4/5XBABz/JdgssOKHmfAOFz6Gu4tsG6MQiH /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-4SbTAv3AX2fuPCpSv6HW3p07YgA7hFfcwG2zJHtYv0ATIt1juD3IXj2NSYwTeIpm /languages/bash.js
sha384-83HvQQdGTWqnRLmgm19NjCb1+/awKJGytUX9sm3HJb2ddZ9Fs1Bst2bZogFjt9rr /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-WHdxyD51Y+ytDdcYGVkKHQOThUwwhLl/1GvZxHTHL4ImI4NS32L/B8bvB/1zN/Mk /languages/c.js
sha384-jtwnwOYA+K4zYN55fA4z4U0PTK5oEp4RcLYaXkYRKO3UUzge1o21ArmvKmTRdh/d /languages/c.min.js
sha384-M2wpTxQe2N0750xYZ0zTinwbmjsZjdtuS7twUUP2dxtHR0YqhY3JuUFyyhANf9Uy /languages/cpp.js
sha384-/yf54L01PbO6NtVs1Pu9rgfNHbKXanLdNcGVuNa0m5+KiyH+1NpZRDK6idm5VoVl /languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-h6xPJgkyvp13tIs697wZHjCH20tW1aJOrvnAKiZZiATSWZp0lyLB4bAdsEhWUSze /languages/css.js
sha384-+MO3D3y/aZzZq7QMAAA5KiuAcqBZivJHFmVUXfwdBoLxEXeGTeQGsNMll4fpnegg /languages/css.min.js
sha384-WNah6F2QDUbmrNCi0fSEyKJbSb01S1ijnoiwbDnegW7dm2Cz/H1CiH1HhWlUvj01 /languages/python.js
sha384-YDj7s2Wf0QEwarV3OB8lvoNJJCH032vOLMDo2HDrYiEpQ+QmKN+e++x3hElX5S+w /languages/python.min.js
sha384-N0KfGtzpIujAMwmzJA60hE5F3H0n2ELSe2tzr4LtBO1uIBMmy/wv3xl3q2IthvKI /highlight.js
sha384-oW7rv8/OPuAyGVgh5KlHnwNoPS1c2ZByx06DpgFD5AC1npERpRrFNIJXK9063PbG /highlight.min.js
```

